[terra-menu] Fixes Title Click Navigation issue (#1625)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-menu/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Fixed 

>   * Fix for "Terra-Menu" to navigate back when clicking on a submenu back button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed issue of navigation on menu header click.
```

> * Changed 
>   * fix for "Terra-Menu" to navigate back on clicking on a submenu back button.
> 

Reviewer 2: We can put fixes under its own section
```suggestion
* Fixed 
  * Fix for "Terra-Menu" to navigate back when clicking on a submenu back button.

```

Author: Fixed.
